## Results

**get** `/v1/messages/batches/{message_batch_id}/results`

Streams the results of a Message Batch as a `.jsonl` file.

Each line in the file is a JSON object containing the result of a single request in the Message Batch. Results are not guaranteed to be in the same order as requests. Use the `custom_id` field to match results to requests.

Learn more about the Message Batches API in our [user guide](https://docs.claude.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/batch-processing)

### Path Parameters

- `message_batch_id: string`

  ID of the Message Batch.

### Returns

- `MessageBatchIndividualResponse = object { custom_id, result }`

  This is a single line in the response `.jsonl` file and does not represent the response as a whole.

  - `custom_id: string`

    Developer-provided ID created for each request in a Message Batch. Useful for matching results to requests, as results may be given out of request order.

    Must be unique for each request within the Message Batch.

  - `result: MessageBatchResult`

    Processing result for this request.

    Contains a Message output if processing was successful, an error response if processing failed, or the reason why processing was not attempted, such as cancellation or expiration.

    - `MessageBatchSucceededResult = object { message, type }`

      - `message: Message`

        - `id: string`

          Unique object identifier.

          The format and length of IDs may change over time.

        - `content: array of ContentBlock`

          Content generated by the model.

          This is an array of content blocks, each of which has a `type` that determines its shape.

          Example:

          ```json
          [{"type": "text", "text": "Hi, I'm Claude."}]
          ```

          If the request input `messages` ended with an `assistant` turn, then the response `content` will continue directly from that last turn. You can use this to constrain the model's output.

          For example, if the input `messages` were:

          ```json
          [
            {"role": "user", "content": "What's the Greek name for Sun? (A) Sol (B) Helios (C) Sun"},
            {"role": "assistant", "content": "The best answer is ("}
          ]
          ```

          Then the response `content` might be:

          ```json
          [{"type": "text", "text": "B)"}]
          ```

          - `TextBlock = object { citations, text, type }`

            - `citations: array of TextCitation`

              Citations supporting the text block.

              The type of citation returned will depend on the type of document being cited. Citing a PDF results in `page_location`, plain text results in `char_location`, and content document results in `content_block_location`.

              - `CitationCharLocation = object { cited_text, document_index, document_title, 4 more }`

                - `cited_text: string`

                - `document_index: number`

                - `document_title: string`

                - `end_char_index: number`

                - `file_id: string`

                - `start_char_index: number`

                - `type: "char_location"`

                  - `"char_location"`

              - `CitationPageLocation = object { cited_text, document_index, document_title, 4 more }`

                - `cited_text: string`

                - `document_index: number`

                - `document_title: string`

                - `end_page_number: number`

                - `file_id: string`

                - `start_page_number: number`

                - `type: "page_location"`

                  - `"page_location"`

              - `CitationContentBlockLocation = object { cited_text, document_index, document_title, 4 more }`

                - `cited_text: string`

                - `document_index: number`

                - `document_title: string`

                - `end_block_index: number`

                - `file_id: string`

                - `start_block_index: number`

                - `type: "content_block_location"`

                  - `"content_block_location"`

              - `CitationsWebSearchResultLocation = object { cited_text, encrypted_index, title, 2 more }`

                - `cited_text: string`

                - `encrypted_index: string`

                - `title: string`

                - `type: "web_search_result_location"`

                  - `"web_search_result_location"`

                - `url: string`

              - `CitationsSearchResultLocation = object { cited_text, end_block_index, search_result_index, 4 more }`

                - `cited_text: string`

                - `end_block_index: number`

                - `search_result_index: number`

                - `source: string`

                - `start_block_index: number`

                - `title: string`

                - `type: "search_result_location"`

                  - `"search_result_location"`

            - `text: string`

            - `type: "text"`

              - `"text"`

          - `ThinkingBlock = object { signature, thinking, type }`

            - `signature: string`

            - `thinking: string`

            - `type: "thinking"`

              - `"thinking"`

          - `RedactedThinkingBlock = object { data, type }`

            - `data: string`

            - `type: "redacted_thinking"`

              - `"redacted_thinking"`

          - `ToolUseBlock = object { id, input, name, type }`

            - `id: string`

            - `input: map[unknown]`

            - `name: string`

            - `type: "tool_use"`

              - `"tool_use"`

          - `ServerToolUseBlock = object { id, input, name, type }`

            - `id: string`

            - `input: map[unknown]`

            - `name: "web_search"`

              - `"web_search"`

            - `type: "server_tool_use"`

              - `"server_tool_use"`

          - `WebSearchToolResultBlock = object { content, tool_use_id, type }`

            - `content: WebSearchToolResultBlockContent`

              - `WebSearchToolResultError = object { error_code, type }`

                - `error_code: "invalid_tool_input" or "unavailable" or "max_uses_exceeded" or 2 more`

                  - `"invalid_tool_input"`

                  - `"unavailable"`

                  - `"max_uses_exceeded"`

                  - `"too_many_requests"`

                  - `"query_too_long"`

                - `type: "web_search_tool_result_error"`

                  - `"web_search_tool_result_error"`

              - `UnionMember1 = array of WebSearchResultBlock`

                - `encrypted_content: string`

                - `page_age: string`

                - `title: string`

                - `type: "web_search_result"`

                  - `"web_search_result"`

                - `url: string`

            - `tool_use_id: string`

            - `type: "web_search_tool_result"`

              - `"web_search_tool_result"`

        - `model: Model`

          The model that will complete your prompt.

          See [models](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/models-overview) for additional details and options.

          - `UnionMember0 = "claude-opus-4-5-20251101" or "claude-opus-4-5" or "claude-3-7-sonnet-latest" or 17 more`

            The model that will complete your prompt.

            See [models](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/models-overview) for additional details and options.

            - `"claude-opus-4-5-20251101"`

              Premium model combining maximum intelligence with practical performance

            - `"claude-opus-4-5"`

              Premium model combining maximum intelligence with practical performance

            - `"claude-3-7-sonnet-latest"`

              High-performance model with early extended thinking

            - `"claude-3-7-sonnet-20250219"`

              High-performance model with early extended thinking

            - `"claude-3-5-haiku-latest"`

              Fastest and most compact model for near-instant responsiveness

            - `"claude-3-5-haiku-20241022"`

              Our fastest model

            - `"claude-haiku-4-5"`

              Hybrid model, capable of near-instant responses and extended thinking

            - `"claude-haiku-4-5-20251001"`

              Hybrid model, capable of near-instant responses and extended thinking

            - `"claude-sonnet-4-20250514"`

              High-performance model with extended thinking

            - `"claude-sonnet-4-0"`

              High-performance model with extended thinking

            - `"claude-4-sonnet-20250514"`

              High-performance model with extended thinking

            - `"claude-sonnet-4-5"`

              Our best model for real-world agents and coding

            - `"claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929"`

              Our best model for real-world agents and coding

            - `"claude-opus-4-0"`

              Our most capable model

            - `"claude-opus-4-20250514"`

              Our most capable model

            - `"claude-4-opus-20250514"`

              Our most capable model

            - `"claude-opus-4-1-20250805"`

              Our most capable model

            - `"claude-3-opus-latest"`

              Excels at writing and complex tasks

            - `"claude-3-opus-20240229"`

              Excels at writing and complex tasks

            - `"claude-3-haiku-20240307"`

              Our previous most fast and cost-effective

          - `UnionMember1 = string`

        - `role: "assistant"`

          Conversational role of the generated message.

          This will always be `"assistant"`.

          - `"assistant"`

        - `stop_reason: StopReason`

          The reason that we stopped.

          This may be one the following values:

          * `"end_turn"`: the model reached a natural stopping point
          * `"max_tokens"`: we exceeded the requested `max_tokens` or the model's maximum
          * `"stop_sequence"`: one of your provided custom `stop_sequences` was generated
          * `"tool_use"`: the model invoked one or more tools
          * `"pause_turn"`: we paused a long-running turn. You may provide the response back as-is in a subsequent request to let the model continue.
          * `"refusal"`: when streaming classifiers intervene to handle potential policy violations

          In non-streaming mode this value is always non-null. In streaming mode, it is null in the `message_start` event and non-null otherwise.

          - `"end_turn"`

          - `"max_tokens"`

          - `"stop_sequence"`

          - `"tool_use"`

          - `"pause_turn"`

          - `"refusal"`

        - `stop_sequence: string`

          Which custom stop sequence was generated, if any.

          This value will be a non-null string if one of your custom stop sequences was generated.

        - `type: "message"`

          Object type.

          For Messages, this is always `"message"`.

          - `"message"`

        - `usage: Usage`

          Billing and rate-limit usage.

          Anthropic's API bills and rate-limits by token counts, as tokens represent the underlying cost to our systems.

          Under the hood, the API transforms requests into a format suitable for the model. The model's output then goes through a parsing stage before becoming an API response. As a result, the token counts in `usage` will not match one-to-one with the exact visible content of an API request or response.

          For example, `output_tokens` will be non-zero, even for an empty string response from Claude.

          Total input tokens in a request is the summation of `input_tokens`, `cache_creation_input_tokens`, and `cache_read_input_tokens`.

          - `cache_creation: CacheCreation`

            Breakdown of cached tokens by TTL

            - `ephemeral_1h_input_tokens: number`

              The number of input tokens used to create the 1 hour cache entry.

            - `ephemeral_5m_input_tokens: number`

              The number of input tokens used to create the 5 minute cache entry.

          - `cache_creation_input_tokens: number`

            The number of input tokens used to create the cache entry.

          - `cache_read_input_tokens: number`

            The number of input tokens read from the cache.

          - `input_tokens: number`

            The number of input tokens which were used.

          - `output_tokens: number`

            The number of output tokens which were used.

          - `server_tool_use: ServerToolUsage`

            The number of server tool requests.

            - `web_search_requests: number`

              The number of web search tool requests.

          - `service_tier: "standard" or "priority" or "batch"`

            If the request used the priority, standard, or batch tier.

            - `"standard"`

            - `"priority"`

            - `"batch"`

      - `type: "succeeded"`

        - `"succeeded"`

    - `MessageBatchErroredResult = object { error, type }`

      - `error: ErrorResponse`

        - `error: ErrorObject`

          - `InvalidRequestError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "invalid_request_error"`

              - `"invalid_request_error"`

          - `AuthenticationError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "authentication_error"`

              - `"authentication_error"`

          - `BillingError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "billing_error"`

              - `"billing_error"`

          - `PermissionError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "permission_error"`

              - `"permission_error"`

          - `NotFoundError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "not_found_error"`

              - `"not_found_error"`

          - `RateLimitError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "rate_limit_error"`

              - `"rate_limit_error"`

          - `GatewayTimeoutError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "timeout_error"`

              - `"timeout_error"`

          - `APIErrorObject = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "api_error"`

              - `"api_error"`

          - `OverloadedError = object { message, type }`

            - `message: string`

            - `type: "overloaded_error"`

              - `"overloaded_error"`

        - `request_id: string`

        - `type: "error"`

          - `"error"`

      - `type: "errored"`

        - `"errored"`

    - `MessageBatchCanceledResult = object { type }`

      - `type: "canceled"`

        - `"canceled"`

    - `MessageBatchExpiredResult = object { type }`

      - `type: "expired"`

        - `"expired"`

### Example

```http
curl https://api.anthropic.com/v1/messages/batches/$MESSAGE_BATCH_ID/results \
    -H 'anthropic-version: 2023-06-01' \
    -H "X-Api-Key: $ANTHROPIC_API_KEY"
```
